# Pro-healthhub
Helath care application
Pro-Health Hub is a web application that can be very beneficial in the medical field. It works with AI to create a BOT that will help the user find the solution to the problem they are suffering with resources and timely interventions to promote mental well-being. This application will provide the user with useful content about health, medicine, disease, herbal remedies, natural skin care, and many more articles. This is also the section of customers' reviews that will let us know the feedback of other users. There will be an additional feature to download this application on your respective mobile phone, so it will be accessible anywhere. This application will give us many services, like searching for a doctor according to the location of the user, serving as a virtual medicine store as a virtual pharmacy, providing free consultations with trusted doctors to get the best recommendations, receiving a complimentary advisory session with our reliable doctors and obtaining top-notch recommendations, providing an emergency helpline that will be open all the time and all days for everyone, and a tracking system that will have the data of your mental and physical health history so that you can analyse how your health is getting better and keep a record of it. The footer section will give us information about its licence and the regions where this app is in a working state, and the help option will give the options of a help centre, contact support, instructions, and how this will work. This application is a form of bot with which we can talk to a doctor AI and share all our health-related problems, and it will suggest what we can do and book a consultation option that will help us book our schedule with the doctor by asking for our details and time slot.
